In this lesson, we'll continue the setup of the demo domain connecting the registrar to Cloudflare.
You'll learn the additional benefits that using Cloudflare brings and experience the waiting time that
sometimes necessary for DNS propagation across the internet.
By the end of this video, you'll understand that many reasons for using an outside DNS provider and
learn about DNS propagation.
Now, it hasn't alerted me yet that it is finished, and I'll just show you what happens when you click
check name servers.
If you want to do that, it's checking now.
It says wait a few hours for an update.
They'll let you click that check button and kind of initiate a new check every 24 hours or something
like that.
But like I said with GoDaddy, it tends to happen fairly quickly.
And the last thing I'll say as a part of this lesson is that if you do register your domain names with
Cloudflare, then you really don't have to do this.
Name server pointing from your domain registrar over to Cloudflare, because being that Cloudflare is
your domain registrar and also your DNS provider, they're already connected.
And so that again speeds up the traffic through your website.
And I'll just again pause the video and let you know when this has propagated and show you what can
be done then to set up the website and get started managing the DNS here at Cloudflare.
So it happened right away after I pause the video.
It says Greg Davis, Dot Club, has been added to Cloudflare over here in my email.
It says what my current name servers are those ones that are at Cloudflare CNN.com.
And now, if I refresh the page at Cloudflare, I should get a different message, which is great news.
Cloudflare is now protecting my site so automatically because I've run traffic with those name servers
to Cloudflare for this domain.
It's already doing some things, like using caching and using a sedan and other benefits, and even
doing things that I'll show you right here.
So it is setting me up with a web application firewall even in Cloudflare.
And so oftentimes, if log in traffic or attack traffic for distributed DDoS attacks comes through Cloudflare,
it knows how to block those before they ever reach your hosting or your web site.
A cordon is provided by the Cloudflare Free Service CD and stands for Content Delivery Network, which
means that your content that needs to load like images, for example, can load from different places
around the world, which Cloudflare owns.
And they provide those, you know, cached pages and images from different places around the world closest
to the person who's browsing.
And then there's, of course, instant DNS change results in Cloudflare.
They're so closely connected to the internet and the the DNS system in the internet that when you make
changes like adding an Amex record for an email account, for example, it happens instantly or changing
IP addresses.
If you migrate a website from one place to another or from one server to another, for example in your
grid paying account, if you clone a server or clone a website over to a new server, you can change
the DNS to that new IP address, and it will really propagate instantly across the entire internet.
And so let's go back back to the Cloudflare and the DNS for this domain name is now set up so that I
have an AA record and a C name record.
This domain connect is from GoDaddy, no longer necessary, so I can delete that one.
And so this is pointing to this IP address, which was that GoDaddy IP address.
If you remember the let's see what's my my IP here?
Does it even say no?
In fact, it's just parked.
And so this the domain control dot com IP address is reflected here.
It's just not my server IP address at grid pain, but now that my Cloudflare account is ready and Cloudflare
is my DNS provider for this domain, now I can go over and complete that setup here for Greg Davis,
Dot Club at Grid Pain.
And so I'll show you here how easy it is just to add and build the website and just clicked building
right there.
Bill ad site.
And what it's doing is it's building the website here among all my other sites, and it will just take
a few minutes to install WordPress, install the software stack on the server that protects my site
and delivers my say super fast, as well as the caching, the staging if I wanted that available.
And there it is.
It's successfully updated.
It's also changing the DNS settings.
I'm getting these messages over here on the right side, so it's doing the initial build.
You know, it's putting the site up at the server.
The DNS integration is telling me that it's started now SSL, so it's beginning the to put the security
certificate on that domain for me here at grid pain.
And so as this goes through its process, I can wait until this is completely finished.
But even now, I can go to Greg Davis Dock Club and I can look at what's going on here, the security,
it says.
Site Greg Davis, Club Dot Club was successfully updated.
I can close this message, and I already have an active site here, so if we look at I didn't have a
wsf or a web application firewall set up yet here at grid pain.
But if I look under domains, I already have an active SSL certificate.
And so when I navigate to Greg Davis Dot Club, I should get to a Oh, it's still pointing to my GoDaddy
parking page right here.
I think the reason is you could see it's not secure over here.
I think the reason is the SSL certificate isn't quite finished propagating.
If I go to the DNS records, I've gotten some records that have been added and I know that grid pain
is still in the process of adding some different things.
Here we go.
It's it's the SSL certificate has been provisioned.
Now it's reconfiguring my server, which is under Engine X. Now it's successfully updated its writing
the database.
It's completely rewriting all the records in the database to you to use HTTPS now at this domain.
And this is what I was looking for.
Thank you for your patience.
You can close this and the previous notifications, and that means that Greg Davis does club now.
I likely have an active website.
Let me just close that down.
Make sure I've got.
Um, let's see.
Oh, you know what I can check to?
Let me just go here and refresh the DNS records under Cloudflare, now 30 for one or two, I think.
But I want us to do this.
I want to change.
I want to copy this IP address for this domain name and my server over dedicated.
And I want to put that over here.
Edit that and point that to my server.
Click Save right there.
OK, so now I can be pretty sure that if I go to Greg Davis Dot Club, Oops, and I'll get a freshly
installed WordPress site.
Nope, not quite.
Now I can check by opening up the the Chrome developer tools and right clicking on the refresh and just
saying empty the cache and reload the page.
OK, so now I've got a little bit of an issue, so there's an unsupported protocol.
There's an SSL version that's out of whack or something.
Let's just go back to the DNS and look at SSL.
This sometimes can happen where it might be set on full or full.
Strict, full strict is the way to go.
And now we're still waiting for DNS to propagate across the entire internet, and so that can be an
issue sometimes when you switch to full.
And then maybe switch back to full strict, which is what really we want to be using when working with
grid pain.
We could see if that opens, so it'll just take a few minutes for this to be a correct and without any
of these details.
And so when that happens, we can come back and see the website in the next lesson.